== medium ==
  
== probably next up+low prio ==

  "non realtime, non edity good" release (family only)
    Cool runnings EDL
    I'm actually not using the right video codec LOL :P
    note rifftrax on blog when I release
  
== slightly lower than that ==

  not loop on preview view (smplayer)
  re-run latest preview -> smplayer
  license the first time they run it (gplv3)
  only pick that filename once per session...
  note "just a linear editor"
  note "just a wrapper"
  partner for filters (Jon, Karlie if interested...give beta)
    lotsa filters somehow
      my dvd's
      friend's dvd's
      partners'...
  beta release/rinse and repeat with various ppl (once it's releasable...)
  a real'ish-er website
  checkbox for other licenses or something?
  compare computer DVD playback with physical player...
  Harry Potter audio is Spanish!
  program the temple thing for it
    note "I first use this to edit my temple movie"

== DVD backlog (unordered, some very low prio) ==

  overlay audio
  assert that at least one drive has a DVD in it...maybe loop refuse with message until this?
  cool runnings:
     make a copy me--do they now match?
     get a working copy--do they match?
  md5sum the full rip files...
    is it necessary?
      yes? add button for md5sum
  propaganda-ize
    alternative.to
    blogs that have ever mentioned clearplay :P
  play a bigger noise when totally done...(dvd flick has one...)
  vnc has a good looking license :)
  unzip instructions?
  prompt for name, auto populate with volume name
  LLC before ever pay anyone, if I ever do
  redo the creation mode buttons into an ordering of sorts...
  note that this can corrupt your soul!
    don't watch it if it's dark! come on!
  figure out if mplayer/smplayer as a player has a fast forward feature...
  several "play now" options...without a navigator of course :)
    one for watch unedited "as grabbing" (in create mode)
    visualbasic-like playlist
    "round conservatively, write no file" playback
      mplayer batch (playlist?)
    can generate mplayer EDL's and play them...hmm...smplayer them?
      update license too...
    "round conservatively, yes write file" (+1 you track it)
    get half-way through, start playing back as writing edited full copy
      (maybe not all of these tho...)
  non parallelize
    can have different volume settings
    can insert other sections (same disk) mid-stream :P
      these last two have gotta be lower prio than the rest...
  whichr: return nil
  install smplayer before mencoder [?]
  smaller .zip
  bundle 7z [?]
   remove note about it
  using, burning, creating  "howto's"
   better
    usability test them?
    umm...shouldn't using be pretty straight forward tho?
    
 using+burning screencast
 editing screencast
  instructions on how to do their own (private) EDL or do one and submit it (public), or email their friends :P
  note how to get the title number
    add a way to get the label rather easily...
     add an option "just save full disk (unedited) to hard drive..."
       note to people: can edit those to your liking

  imagemagick (ffmpeg) easier install...
  DRY up dependency installation code
  install dep's to cache2 or something...so I can cleanup the deploy code...
  advertise urug, ruby flow :)
  "Re-run most recent" disabled when there isn't one [?]
  re-do DVD EDL's that need it :P
   all dogs go to heaven...finish EDL
  warn when labels exist and don't match...
  kill old mencoder instances more often...
  auto-download imagemagick, too
  check all the many options to see if there's a "cross platform way to split files accurately" besides my hacky kludge.
  can rip from a DVD-like local folder (would anybody ever need this?)
  ripping "redoes" a large last section, for combining. Can I avoid this?
    plus I do some copy, some ac3?
@dvd flick do you need that frequent of i-frames?
  rename bat as template.bat
  can parse IMDB (require they put in the URL by hand fer now)
    add stuffs to imdb hmmm
    IMDB easy mapping
  can blank out the video, with audio continuing through...
  add an option "just save full disk (edited) to hard drive...well compressed"
    or do we want to do that by default anyway? (does it help burning? file size...hmm...)
@VLC: hard crash when ripping that one DVD...long one, about the constitution...
in general, fine tune burning with various things...

make sure can work with very large DVD's...
  can use a fast temp drive, save through it to another :P
    (when they have two...)
  can have collaborators re-selling EDL's
    good license for their stuff like "public domain" or what not :P Can't be a hypocrite now, can I?
a real website that looks good
k9 might preserve/shrink well...hmm...auto calculation may be possible...hmm...
better .exe icon...
blu-ray support somehow (real-time? rip?)
use DVD navigator ?
  http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd388584(v=VS.85).aspx
  with an avi file sink?
double buffering hard drive/incoming copying from DVD might speed things, if your HD is fast.
  might not work for all modes tho...
make the progress bar map "better" to the actual time that each section should take...

"show" what drive they have in there--like an auto-detect, and if it has EDL's available for it or not.
Note to people: make several EDL's per movie.
Note to people: clean your disks!

burnable to DVD/CD/multi DVD automagically... (auto-burn insert your new disk!)
    can *re-use* original navigation stuffs, less the profanity (is that possible? VobBlanker help, perhaps?)
  can lop off sections to save space (?)
  can burn extras from the DVD, too?
    optionally ?
  transcode to condense..?
  split to allow?
try to compile transcode in cygwin (yipes)
legal shtuff (LICENSE)

@smplayer: right click on DVD...

== random non-DVD (or don't care when) backlog ... note: just plow forward, to "grab" available ideas...except that for now, just what *I* plan on needing for myself (filters for what I need/want). ==

the ac3 thing
ask VLC "fuzzy menus on the happiest baby dvd expected?"
right click on DVD player, rip edited with SC?
auto-zip it with my rake task :)
split the two projects somehow (project + distribution)
    two releases: experimental, developer/experimental
    bring back the old :)    
button for "suck in EDL's"
 split out the EDL's to a separate project (?)
make the other stuff work again, since I no longer use YAML...
advertise my "splitting joining" google doc page. also test the various options there for accurateness :)
also note that mencoder doesn't do splitting very well, for some reason.

pass unit tests again jruby

@mplayer and VLC "you should seek better, like the ogg vorbis fellas recommend..."
report to jruby "when one thread dies, the GUI becomes unresponsive" (and others already previously reported to ruby-forum.com...)
  DVD's (right click on DVD player, play with SC?)
    use spiffy differentiation for DVD's on windows
speed up slow unit tests
can "watch as it is being ripped" (concat, watching it as it grows faster than you watch...)
make the overlay window uncloseable (?)
note that youtube "can" be downloaded then a local edited copy created, from that download. (mb add downloading ability?)
a "certified clean" list (?)
screencast of things helpful (use, creation...).
tune up the levels...
prototypes of the experimental stuff (overlay, track time while recording -> map file, specifiable levels, more?)

fix:
  0:01:01.9 next will be at 0:01:02.0s (r [or q to quit]):
  0:01:04.0 next will be at 0:01:06.5s (blanked) (r [or q to quit]): "warning--unable to track screen time for some reason" # *of course you can't track it now!*

byu.tv descriptor
youtube non full screen: work with all browsers
easier "here's how on the command line, BTW"
amazon player
a netflix player descriptor
  "just choose VLCx55" LOL
beep at them when not tracking [?]
  default on...hmm

Just fold if s....

a descriptor for some closed source app player...

can "overlay-audio/video"

blanker: allow for one side of the screen or another...

PISH
  release it with both until scared (?)
  split projects when scared (editor versus normal)/make projects work with direct editing, et al...
    split online from DVD, et al
  Note: get the whole thing working then release it all :P

check that youtube is working well again for all screen resolutions...

run it off a normal person (hulu, DVD). rinse and repeat

advertise on ruby flow

"ripperzy-ize" (low prio)
    can record from online [huh? do I even want this?]
      maybe can record something, then extract the bad, and get a better looking video...
      low prio
      remove commercials?
        myth cutlist?

DRY up :levels--it's in the ocr spec as well as the others...

unit tests run with normal ruby

back off on mouse jerking...only every so often?
  maybe increase timings as you get farther along, to accomodate for drift?

preference for beeping at them, et al

itunes video on demand player

blockbuster "rent" on demand player

no money making for now...all volunteer...more respectful.
  or make it so it can work with an editor of some kind...like a "save here" command line snip this tuck that.
    probably only possible after creating the desktop streamer hmm

no releasing experimental for now, I guess

integrate with librivox' audio so you can avoid profanity in classics.  Somehow.  This would be nice for portable players.
  You know, for static things like this, a 'pre-cutter' would sure be convenient...
  provide download of edited mp3's for people.  ahhh.
  
itunes player for profanity (music)?

make a list of "known clean" movies...hmm...

an "online anybody can chat while watching this movie" (or anybody can edit this wav and listen to it as overlay...) prefer the latter.

an online applet web runnable? Why not?
  click here to watch your favorite film edited on hulu! Just click! [* yea!]
  
code refactors: "screen time change", order should be swapped in bin/x output (just cleanup)

easier installation for windows: self-extracting exe's :)
  later: .msi?

can blank overlay with added text like "and you are one awesome klingon"

ability to record it from online/live, then apply edits.

add my stuff to imdb...? make a wiki?

user customizable levels...
  maybe even "I don't like ones that are x, y, z", or "boring level x"

with VLC/youtube non full screen, it does the annoying mouse thing needlessly (which doesn't bug as much these days...)

can overlay with wav file (would work already for VLC [?], could also "click to mute" for others...hmm...)

the muting currently is so togglesy...if VLC ever fixes itself, fix this! 

fix any/all pending tests...

can permanently black out certain coords to keep things prettier...et al
  remove black when they really move the mouse?

Linux port (call that good enough for usability on TV's...), should be...
  OS X port

blanker outer with user specifiable color
  better default color?

Auto mute/blank commercials?

transfer ownership to an LLC
  new github username

overlay/replace current playback with some url of audio or video
  user editable joke overlays (like a wiki...)
  realtime overlays (like group chat for those watching the film...)

control volume programmatically (using mouse) on the player itself.
control mute programmatically (using mouse) on the player itself.
control location programmatically (using mouse) on the player itself.

compare VLC (and other) timings with a real DVD player, and with netflix instant, etc.

Have a "list of all known movies (url's)" and be able to open (IE et al) to the correct part, and start playing them, and they work...
  or known parseable imdb's

does my sweet heart have any suggestions? (make it work well for laymen)

web browser plugin?
  popups *inside* netflix "play this edited" ?

Programmatically do all of the above, by driving VLC with libvlc (its API).
  So this would be basically tracking VLC using its libvlc callbacks, instead of screen times
  fork the Python project?
  VLC
    use VLC's web interface? telnet?
    optimize it with best appropriate iframes (LOL)

integrate with google TV...bravia...maybe...somehow...boxxee? roku?
  itunes TV? apple tv? ps3?

OCR the captioning as an auto profanity filter? (or perhaps download subtitles to be able to pre-screen), like the python fella does.

--server?  optionally higher prio?

irb(main):001:0> a = File.open('big1', 'w')
=> #<File:big1>
irb(main):002:0> a.seek 10_000_000_000
=> 0
irb(main):003:0> a.write 'b'
=> 1
irb(main):004:0> a.close # freeze mri 1.9.2
=======
take out all require 'rubygems'ses...

package with portable imagemagick (meh)

create a "book edit list" (word x is at position y...)

@dvd flick: 
  don't re-encode if not necessary
  are your highest settings optimal?
  accept subtitled video...
  
@smplayer: your CD config is awful.
@mencoder: can't split
something like you watch it *with* you friends and can all chat together...hmm...