pimw melissa feedback

installation on mobile was "too many words"

youtube player is "ugly"
  black background?
  "back to youtubes" add "browse our list of"

bigger X modals

@edited_youtube: when it mutes display that "somewhere else" than the now absent editing box...

fix captions link youtube
weird white top of youtube edited?  Only needed for ios?

----

NEED better login page prettier layout

click to watch "edited now..." is awkward
  move personalize to bottom

footer is messed up on mobile

browse menu add genres? LOL

genre numbers are wrong number main page

no name on sample for episodes
  don't mention prime on the front page

take off "please support us" from the main browsing

by genre: if it's a youtube, say "youtube:"

https://playitmyway.org/login "looks like a broken page not from that website"

on personalize show even if has "zero" for them to check :)
  " Edit out all clothing/kissing etc (1)" should uncheck itself if some are unchecked.
  id="unused" confounds browsers for duplicates

Most people will checkout the features of the website on their phone.

some day: supah fast inline the lower part of the box_movie again :)

we need a "movie page" that isn't so verbose
  send after save personalized to that new "human able" page.
  plus with a nice link to browse
  "add to watchlist"

send an email when they login with the web address :)

does amazon login work on mobile?

installation page can be nixed on chrome
  better images for extension instructions

focus tab instead of open new one on extension install

some personalized edits broken for me??? moana?

what is "deity mild?"

move "personalize edits" down a little

app installed -> main-er

possibly explicit += spoiler

save your choices either bigger or at the top...

save button for the editor...

should say if you've already personalized the edits.

doesn't need to say "PIMW editing out"

description above links when click on something? TO ASK
  between it and blah blah.

some day: after movie open up a "leave a review" 

add amazon affiliate

login and "subscribe" stuff at the bottom of everywhere...if not logged in...

home -> under browse
